>> Brian Holt: I put something here
in show-card to interest something,
I'm gonna go ahead and assert that's
kind of problematic about this.
I changed something in show-card yet
my test in search is failing and
I think that's a problem.
Other people may disagree with me.
I think it's a problem because if
there's a problem with show-card,
I want my show-card test to fail, right?
And if I have a problem with search,
I want my search test to fail so
it tells me exactly where my problem is.
Well, why is this failing?
Well, I have this test render and
it renders everything underneath search.
It'd be really nice if it could only
render everything underneath search
that only go one layer deep.
Only have a shallow render and
not necessarily have all of the components
underneath it render as well.
And that way those tests can fail, so
if I have a problem with show-card,
only show-card fails and
search doesn't fail.
Luckily there is actually
a way to accomplish this.
And we're going to bring in, excuse me,
another library called Enzyme to do so.
>> Brian Holt: But
first let's go to package.json.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm sick of it writing all that stuff.
So I'm gonna say test =
"NODE_ENV=test jest",
or whatever flavor of shell
that you're using.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now I can just
run npm run test, everyone's happy,
right, npm run test.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I broke it, so that's why.
But just as an npm sidenote,
instead of npm run test,
since supposedly we should
be testing our code, right,
a lot npm gives you the convenience
of saying npm test that also works.
Or you can actually even go
as short as saying npm t.
>> Brian Holt: And that always
corresponds to the test in scripts.
That's just a shortcut that they gave you.
I think start does that as well, but
I think those are the only
two that it'll do that.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so come back to spec.
And we have that in our package.json, so
we're gonna move from react-test-renderer
to using what's called Enzyme.
Enzyme is a library from
our friends over at Airbnb.
It is not necessarily the official testing
library of React because they refuse to
bless any one library as that.
But it is the library that Facebook uses,
which pretty much makes it official.
>> Brian Holt: We use Enzyme,
if you're gonna be testing React,
you're gonna be using Enzyme or
you should.
>> Brian Holt: So what I'm gonna do here,
is I'm gonna say,
import  from 'enzyme'.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to import { shallowToJson
} from 'enzyme-to-json',
>> Brian Holt: Which is not from Airbnb.
It's from someone else
that's really smart.
I don't remember who it is.
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna slightly
modify our snapshot test down here.
So I showed you the other one,
initially, that's the barebones one.
But I think the Enzyme way of
doing it's a little bit better.
So we're gonna say shallow here and
tree is going to be shallowToJson.
>> Brian Holt: Component and
then the last line stays the same.
>> Brian Holt: So to talk about shallow.
Shallow does exactly what I was
describing a few minutes ago,
which is that it's going to
render out everything in search.
But it's not going to go
any deeper than that.
So it's gonna hit show-card and
it's just going to say, okay,
here's another component.
This is the component, this is
the properties that we'll receive, but
I'm not going to render
that component at all.
I'll show you what that looks like.
But it only goes one layer deep.
ShallowToJson, DumpSetToJson,
which then you can do a snapshot test on.
The other thing I should tell you
about jest in snapshot testing,
all it does is compare one
JSON structure to another.
That's all it does.
So if you're testing server responses for
your node server, you can just
dump that to a JSON structure.
Do a snapshot test on that and
there you go.
You just roll with that.
So anything that you can dump
to some sort of JSON structure,
you can do snapshot testing on.
>> Brian Holt: Which I
think's pretty cool.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, save that,
come back over here, say npm test.
It's gonna fail miserably now
because a lot has changed.
>> Brian Holt: injectEnvironment
can be called once.
That's new.
>> Brian Holt: No cache.
I can't imagine that would be the reason,
but.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, yeah,
that's the problem here.
So we have render array here, which is
actually used internally in Enzyme.
So you actually have to dump that.
So this line right here, line 3,
import renderer from react-test-render,
drop that line.
>> Brian Holt: So now, if you look up here
in the green, this is what you expect.
You see all these divs, right?
With Club de Cuervos,
Making a Murder, right?
But if you look down
here at the new output,
it just outputs the jsx version, right?
So it says, okay, well,
this was a ShowCard and
here's all the properties I got with it.
imdbID poster, right?
And that's what we actually want.
So we're actually gonna go
put that to a package.json.
So go back to your package.json.
Underneath test,
we're gonna have one called update-test,
which is going to be npm run test -- -u.
Npm run test -- -u.
Which you're gonna call every
time you wanna update your tests.
>> Brian Holt: That way you don't have to
remember the flag because I am terrible at
remembering flags, so I refuse to.
>> Brian Holt: Save that, come back
to your terminal and
say npm run update-test.
And now we have one solid snapshot test.
So this is nice because ShowCard can
go break in whatever way it wants to.
And it should fail your ShowCard
test that you'll write later.
Well, I'm not gonna write it,
but you should write it.
[LAUGH] But
it should fail the ShowCard test and
it should not fail the search test.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
I'm going to go take out that h3, yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions
about snapshot testing?
>> Speaker 2: How did you get it to
print the JSON out in your terminal,
when you run the test?
>> Brian Holt: To print out this stuff?
I failed the test.
Yeah, so when it fails, [COUGH] excuse me,
it'll print out the div.
>> Speaker 2: Okay,
it's really cuz I didn't do the ShowCard.
>> Brian Holt: Any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: There's just a little
general confusion about when you
would do this sort of testing.
>> Brian Holt: So generally I would
take in a component that I wrote and
just write a quick snapshot test for it.
So I'm not gonna assert maybe for
each component test or for each component.
But maybe for important components or
specifically display components.
It's usually helpful.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, they're saying things
like, it should be more stable probably.
If your output is changing a lot and you
haven't quite got your design figured out
and things like that-
>> Brian Holt: [CROSSTALK] Yeah,
then it's just noise.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: So it's a cheap test that
easily breaks but it's easy to update, so
that's the tradeoff.
>> Speaker 3: They're asking if
we can do a test on ShowCard,
it's
>> Brian Holt: One may, I will not.
[LAUGH] We're gonna write two more tests,
though.
I'm just gonna test search, but
you're welcome to go test
everything else if you want to